add_namespace = PAK_1955
add_namespace = PAK_ECON
add_namespace = PAK_Constitution
add_namespace = PAK_Military
add_namespace = Rawalpindi
add_namespace = Nazimuddin
add_namespace = PAK_ASSASIN
add_namespace = Language_Debate
add_namespace = Lahore_Riots
add_namespace = Bogra_PM
add_namespace = Ayub_Khan
add_namespace = Ahmedi
add_namespace = PAK_REl
add_namespace = COMPAK_Kashmir
add_namespace = Bangladesh_Independence
add_namespace = PAEC
add_namespace = Afghan_PAK
add_namespace = Gwadar
add_namespace = Khan_PAK
add_namespace = Gilgit
add_namespace = PAK_INDIA
add_namespace = USA_PAK
add_namespace = INDIA_PAK_COM
add_namespace = Bengal_Question
add_namespace = Ayub_Constitution
#Missing Ayub Event
country_event = {
	id = Ayub_Constitution.1
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Ayub_Constitution.1"}
	title = "A New Constitution"
	desc = Ayub_Constitution.1.d
	picture = GFX_Ayub_Constitution_1
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes

	option = {
		name = "Great"
	}
}
#country_event
country_event = {
	id = PAK_Constitution.0 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = PAK_Constitution.0"}
	title = "The Basic Principles Report"
	desc = PAK_Constitution.0.d
	picture = GFX_Basic_Principles_Report
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes

	option = {
		name = "A solid report"
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = PAK_ASSASIN.1 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = PAK_ASSASIN.1"}
	title = "The Assassination of Liaquat Ali Khan"
	desc = PAK_ASSASIN.1.d
	picture = GFX_Assasination_Pakistan
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes

	option = {
		name = "A tragedy"
		retire_country_leader = yes
		create_country_leader = {
			name = "Khwaja Nazimuddin"
			picture = "Khwaja_Nazimuddin.dds"
			ideology = national_conservatism
		}
		complete_national_focus = PAK_Shaheed_e_Millat
		news_event = PAK_ASSASIN.2
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = Nazimuddin.1 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Nazimuddin.1"}
	title = "Khawaja Nazimuddin Becomes Prime Minister"
	desc = Nazimuddin.1.d
	picture = GFX_Nazimuddin_1
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes

	option = {
		name = "Interesting"
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = Lahore_Riots.1 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Lahore_Riots.1"}
	title = "The Lahore Riots"
	desc = Lahore_Riots.1.d
	picture = GFX_Lahore_Riots_1
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes

	option = {
		name = "Unfortunate"
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = Lahore_Riots.2 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Lahore_Riots.2"}
	title = "Martial Law in Lahore"
	desc = Lahore_Riots.2.d
	picture = GFX_Lahore_Riots_2
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes

	option = {
		name = "Order must be restored"
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = Bogra_PM.1 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Bogra_PM.1"}
	title = "Mohammad Ali Bogra Becomes Prime Minister"
	desc = Bogra_PM.1.d
	picture = GFX_Bogra_1
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes

	option = {
		name = "Surprising"
		create_country_leader = {
			name = "Mohammad Ali Bogra"
			picture = "Mohammad_Ali_Bogra.dds"
			ideology = national_conservatism
		}
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = Bogra_PM.2 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Bogra_PM.2"}
	title = "The Bogra Formula"
	desc = Bogra_PM.2.d
	picture = GFX_Bogra_2
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes

	option = {
		name = "Interesting"
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = Bogra_PM.3 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Bogra_PM.3"}
	title = "Political Infighting Intensifies"
	desc = Bogra_PM.3.d
	picture = GFX_Bogra_3
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes

	option = {
		name = "This will not help matters"
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = Bogra_PM.4 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Bogra_PM.4"}
	title = "Prime Minister Bogra Dismissed"
	desc = Bogra_PM.4.d
	picture = GFX_Bogra_4
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes

	option = {
		name = "Unfortunate"
		create_country_leader = {
			name = "Chaudhry Muhammad Ali"
			picture = "Chaudhry_Muhammad_Ali.dds"
			ideology = national_conservatism
		}
		

	}
}
country_event = {
	id = PAK_Constitution.1 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = PAK_Constitution.1"}
	title = "New Constitution"# (Triple Alliance)
	desc = PAK_Constitution.1.d
	picture = GFX_PAK_Constitution_1
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes

	option = {
		name = "Great news"
		drop_cosmetic_tag = yes
		ENG = { set_autonomy = { target = PAK autonomy_state = autonomy_free } }
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = PAK_Constitution.2 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = PAK_Constitution.2"}
	title = "New Constitution"# (United Front)
	desc = PAK_Constitution.2.d
	picture = GFX_PAK_Constitution_1
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes

	option = {
		name = "Great news"
		drop_cosmetic_tag = yes
		ENG = { set_autonomy = { target = PAK autonomy_state = autonomy_free } }
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = PAK_Constitution.3 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = PAK_Constitution.3"}
	title = "New Constitution"# (Islamist Version)
	desc = PAK_Constitution.3.d
	picture = GFX_PAK_Constitution_1
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes

	option = {
		name = "Wonderful news"
		drop_cosmetic_tag = yes
		ENG = { set_autonomy = { target = PAK autonomy_state = autonomy_free } }
	}
}

country_event = {
	id = Rawalpindi.1 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Rawalpindi.1"}
	title = "The Rawalpindi Conspiracy"
	desc = Rawalpindi.1.d
	picture = GFX_Rawalpindi_1
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes

	option = {
		ai_chance = {
			base = 75
			modifier = {
				factor = 0
				has_game_rule = { rule = PAK_rawalpindi_conspiracy option = RAWALPINDI_REVOLUTION }
			}
		}
		name = "Round up the plotters"
		country_event = Rawalpindi.2
	}
	option = {
		ai_chance = {
			base = 25
			modifier = {
				factor = 0
				OR = {
					AND = {
						is_historical_focus_on = yes
						has_game_rule = { rule = PAK_rawalpindi_conspiracy option = DEFAULT }
					}
					has_game_rule = { rule = PAK_rawalpindi_conspiracy option = HISTORICAL }
				}
			}
		}
		name = "Baseless Speculation"
		set_politics = {
			ruling_party = communism
			elections_allowed = no
		}
		drop_cosmetic_tag = yes
		ENG = { set_autonomy = { target = PAK autonomy_state = autonomy_free } }
		news_event = Rawalpindi.3
		complete_national_focus = PAK_Leftist_Coup_Succeeds
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = Rawalpindi.2 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Rawalpindi.2"}
	title = "The Rawalpindi Conspiracy Revealed"
	desc = Rawalpindi.2.d
	picture = GFX_Rawalpindi_2
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes

	option = {
		name = "A military purge is in order..."
	}
}

country_event = {
	id = Ayub_Khan.1 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Ayub_Khan.1"}
	title = "Ayub Khan's Coup"
	desc = Ayub_Khan.1.d
	picture = GFX_Ayub_Khan_Coup
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes

	option = {
		name = "Surprising"
		set_politics = {
			ruling_party = neutrality
			elections_allowed = no
		}
		if = {
			limit = {
				has_country_flag = balanced_development
			}
			country_event = Ayub_Khan.2
			complete_national_focus = PAK_Solidiy_Civil_Military_Alliance
		}
		else = {
			country_event = Bangladesh_Independence.1
			complete_national_focus = PAK_East_Pakistan_Explodes
		}
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = Ayub_Khan.2 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Ayub_Khan.2"}
	title = "Ayub Khan Consolidates Power"
	desc = Ayub_Khan.2.d
	picture = GFX_Ayub_Khan_1
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes

	option = {
		name = "Hopefully the military can calm tensions"
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = Language_Debate.1 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Language_Debate.1"}
	title = "The Language Debate"
	desc = Language_Debate.1.d
	picture = GFX_Language_Debate_1
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes

	option = {
		name = "Restore order!"
		hidden_effect = {
			country_event = { id = Language_Debate.2 days = 3 } 
		}
	}
	option = {
		name = "Allow people to speak out"
		add_political_power = -100
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = Language_Debate.2 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Language_Debate.2"}
	title = "Rioting in Dacca"
	desc = Language_Debate.2.d
	picture = GFX_Language_Debate_2
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes

	option = {
		name = "More rebel elements....."
		add_stability = -0.05
		add_popularity = {
			ideology = conservative 
			popularity = -0.05
		}
	}
}

country_event = {
	id = COMPAK_Kashmir.1 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = COMPAK_Kashmir.1"}
	title = "General Akbar Khan Demands Action"
	desc = COMPAK_Kashmir.1.d
	picture = GFX_COMPAK_Kashmir_1
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes
	option = {
		name = "Restrait is neccessary"
	}
	option = {
		name = "Launch the Strikes"
		start_border_war = {
			change_state_after_war = no
			attacker = {
				state = 1144
				num_provinces = 4
				on_win = COMPAK_Kashmir.2
				on_lose = COMPAK_Kashmir.3
				on_cancel = Indochina_War.4
			}
						
			defender = {
				state = 1562
				num_provinces = 4
				on_win = Indochina_War.4
				on_lose = Indochina_War.4
				on_cancel = Indochina_War.4
			}
		}
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = COMPAK_Kashmir.2 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = COMPAK_Kashmir.2"}
	title = "The Liberation of Kashmir"
	desc = COMPAK_Kashmir.2.d
	picture = GFX_COMPAK_Kashmir_2
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes
	option = {
		name = "A Glorious Day"
		transfer_state = 1562
		transfer_state = 1345
		transfer_state = 441
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = COMPAK_Kashmir.3 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = COMPAK_Kashmir.3"}
	title = "Disaster in Kashmir"
	desc = COMPAK_Kashmir.3.d
	picture = GFX_COMPAK_Kashmir_3
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes
	option = {
		name = "Unfortunate, but not unexpected"
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = PAK_1955.1 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = PAK_1955.1"}
	title = "The 1955 Constituent Assembly"
	desc = PAK_1955.1.d
	picture = GFX_PAK_1955_1
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes
	option = {
		name = "United Front"
		ai_chance = {
			factor = 75
			modifier = {
				is_historical_focus_on = yes
				factor = 100
			}
		}
		complete_national_focus = PAK_United_Front
		set_politics = {
			ruling_party = Social_Liberalism
			elections_allowed = no
		}
	}
	option = {
		ai_chance = {
			factor = 50
			modifier = {
				is_historical_focus_on = yes
				factor = 0
			}
		}
		name = "Triple Alliance"
		complete_national_focus = PAK_Triple_Alliance
		set_politics = {
			ruling_party = conservative
			elections_allowed = no
		}
	}
	option = {
		ai_chance = {
			factor = 50
			modifier = {
				is_historical_focus_on = yes
				factor = 0
			}
		}
		name = "Jamaat-i-Islami"
		complete_national_focus = PAK_Jamaat_i_Islami
		set_politics = {
			ruling_party = islamism
			elections_allowed = no
		}
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = PAK_Military.0 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = PAK_Military.0"}
	title = "A Pakistani Army"
	desc = PAK_Military.0.d
	picture = GFX_PAK_Military_0
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes
	option = {
		name = "Good news"
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = PAK_Military.1 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = PAK_Military.1"}
	title = "Ayub Khan Becomes First Pakistani Army Chief"
	desc = PAK_Military.1.d
	picture = GFX_PAK_Military_1
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes
	option = {
		name = "Excellent"
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = Ahmedi.1 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Ahmedi.1"}
	title = "The Ahmedi Question"
	desc = Ahmedi.1.d
	picture = GFX_Ahmedi_1
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes
	option = {
		name = "This won't end well"
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = PAK_REl.1 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = PAK_REl.1"}
	title = "Imam's in the Army"
	desc = PAK_REl.1.d
	picture = GFX_PAK_REl_1
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes
	option = {
		name = "Why would the army complain?"
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = PAK_ECON.1 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = PAK_ECON.1"}
	title = "Jute or Cotton"
	desc = PAK_ECON.1.d
	picture = GFX_Jute_1
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes
	option = {
		name = "Jute"
		ai_chance = {
			factor = 50
			modifier = {
				is_historical_focus_on = yes
				factor = 100
			}
		}
		set_country_flag = balanced_development
		random_owned_controlled_state = {
			limit = {
				is_core_of = BAN
			}
			add_extra_state_shared_building_slots = 2
			add_building_construction = {
				type = agri_industrial_complex
				level = 2
				instant_build = yes
			}
		}
	}
	option = {
		name = "Cotton"
		ai_chance = {
			factor = 50
			modifier = {
				is_historical_focus_on = yes
				factor = 0
			}
		}
		random_owned_controlled_state = {
			limit = {
				NOT = { 
					is_core_of = BAN
				}
			}
			add_extra_state_shared_building_slots = 2
			add_building_construction = {
				type = agri_industrial_complex
				level = 2
				instant_build = yes
			}
		}
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = PAK_ECON.2 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = PAK_ECON.2"}
	title = "The Bank Expansion Question"
	desc = PAK_ECON.2.d
	picture = GFX_Pakistan_national_bank
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes
	option = {
		name = "Place the Bank in Dacca"
		set_country_flag = balanced_development
		430 = {
			add_extra_state_shared_building_slots = 2
			add_building_construction = {
				type = office_park
				level = 2
				instant_build = yes
			}
		}
	}
	option = {
		name = "Place the Bank in West Pakistan"
		1591 = {
			add_extra_state_shared_building_slots = 2
			add_building_construction = {
				type = office_park
				level = 2
				instant_build = yes
			}
		}
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = PAK_ECON.3 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = PAK_ECON.3"}
	title = "Develop Lahore or Dacca"
	desc = PAK_ECON.3.d
	picture = GFX_Pak_Econ_3
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes
	option = {
		name = "Support BSRM"
		set_country_flag = balanced_development
		1591 = {
			add_resource = { type = steel amount = 20 }
		}
	}
	option = {
		name = "Support Mughal Steel"
		440 = {
			add_resource = { type = steel amount = 20 }
		}
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = PAK_ECON.4 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = PAK_ECON.4"}
	title = "Develop the NWFP or Interior Bengal"
	desc = PAK_ECON.4.d
	picture = GFX_Pak_Econ_4
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes
	option = {
		name = "Interior Bengal"
		set_country_flag = balanced_development
		1108 = {
			add_extra_state_shared_building_slots = 2
			add_building_construction = {
				type = infrastructure
				level = 1
				instant_build = yes
			}
			add_building_construction = {
				type = state_infrastructure
				level = 1
				instant_build = yes
			}
		}
	}
	option = {
		name = "NWFP"
		442 = {
			add_extra_state_shared_building_slots = 2
			add_building_construction = {
				type = infrastructure
				level = 1
				instant_build = yes
			}
			add_building_construction = {
				type = state_infrastructure
				level = 1
				instant_build = yes
			}
		}
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = PAK_ECON.5 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = PAK_ECON.5"}
	title = "Develop Sindh or Coastal Bengal"
	desc = PAK_ECON.5.d
	picture = GFX_Pak_Econ_5
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes
	option = {
		name = "Develop Karachi"
		
		443 = {
			add_extra_state_shared_building_slots = 2
			add_building_construction = {
				type = dockyard
				level = 1
				instant_build = yes
			}
			add_building_construction = {
				type = industrial_complex
				level = 1
				instant_build = yes
			}
		}
	}
	option = {
		name = "Develop Chittagong"
		set_country_flag = balanced_development
		919 = {
			add_extra_state_shared_building_slots = 2
			add_building_construction = {
				type = dockyard
				level = 1
				instant_build = yes
			}
			add_building_construction = {
				type = industrial_complex
				level = 1
				instant_build = yes
			}
		}
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = Bangladesh_Independence.1 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Bangladesh_Independence.1"}
	title = "The Bangaldeshi Uprising"
	desc = Bangladesh_Independence.1.d
	picture = GFX_Bangladesh_Independence_1
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes

	option = {
		name = "We must crush this"
		country_event = Bangladesh_Independence.2
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = Bangladesh_Independence.2 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Bangladesh_Independence.2"}
	title = "The Fate of the 14th Division"
	desc = Bangladesh_Independence.2.d
	picture = GFX_Bangladesh_Independence_2
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes
	immediate = {
		release = BAN
	}
	option = {
		name = "We can not accept the loss"
		news_event = Bangladesh_Independence.3
	}
	option = {
		name = "Fight until the End"
		news_event = Bangladesh_Independence.4
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = Bengal_Question.1 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Bengal_Question.1"}
	title = "The Bengal Question"
	desc = Bengal_Question.1.d
	picture = GFX_Bengal_Question
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes
	option = {
		name = "Grant greater autonomy"
		add_stability = 0.15
		every_owned_state = {
			limit = {
				is_core_of = BAN
			}
			add_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = autonomous_state } }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = "The status quo is fine"
		add_political_power = -100
		add_stability = -0.05
	}
}

#news_event
news_event = {
	id = PAEC.1 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = PAEC.1"}
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]The Establishment of PAEC"
	picture = GFX_PAEC
	is_triggered_only = yes
	major = yes
	desc = PAEC.1.d

	option = {
		name = "Interesting"
	}
}
news_event = {
	id = PAK_ASSASIN.2 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = PAK_ASSASIN.2"}
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]The Assassination of Liaquat Ali Khan"
	picture = GFX_PAK_ASSASIN_2
	is_triggered_only = yes
	major = yes
	desc = PAK_ASSASIN.2.d

	option = {
		name = "Unfortunate"
	}
}
news_event = {
	id = Afghan_PAK.20 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Afghan_PAK.20"}
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]Pakistan Condemns Afghani Threats"
	picture = GFX_Afghan_PAK_20
	is_triggered_only = yes
	major = yes
	desc = Afghan_PAK.20.d

	option = {
		name = "Concerning"
	}
}
news_event = {
	id = Gwadar.1 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Gwadar.1"}
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]Pakistan Purchases Gwadar"
	picture = GFX_Gwadar
	is_triggered_only = yes
	major = yes
	desc = Gwadar.1.d

	option = {
		name = "Interesting"
	}
}
news_event = {
	id = Khan_PAK.1 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Khan_PAK.1"}
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]Foreign Minister Khan Dazzles the UN"
	picture = GFX_Generic_UN_1950s
	is_triggered_only = yes
	desc = Khan_PAK.1.d

	option = {
		name = "Great"
	}
}
news_event = {
	id = Gilgit.1 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Gilgit.1"}
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]The Status of Gilgit Balistan"
	picture = GFX_Gilgit_Baltistan
	is_triggered_only = yes
	major = yes
	desc = Gilgit.1.d

	option = {
		name = "Interesting"
	}
}
news_event = {
	id = PAK_INDIA.10 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = PAK_INDIA.10"}
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]Pakistan Rejects the No War Pact"
	picture = GFX_PAK_INDIA_10
	is_triggered_only = yes
	major = yes
	desc = PAK_INDIA.10.d

	option = {
		name = "Concerning"
	}
}
news_event = {
	id = USA_PAK.1 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = USA_PAK.1"}
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]Presidential Visit to Pakistan"
	picture = GFX_USA_PAK_1
	is_triggered_only = yes
	major = yes
	desc = USA_PAK.1.d

	option = {
		name = "Interesting"
	}
}
news_event = {
	id = Bangladesh_Independence.3 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Bangladesh_Independence.3"}
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]Pakistan Withdraws from Bangladesh"
	picture = GFX_Bangladesh_Independence_3
	is_triggered_only = yes
	major = yes
	desc = Bangladesh_Independence.3.d

	option = {
		name = "Surprising"
	}
}
news_event = {
	id = Bangladesh_Independence.4 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Bangladesh_Independence.4"}
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]The Bangaldesh Uprising"
	picture = GFX_Bangladesh_Independence_4
	is_triggered_only = yes
	major = yes
	desc = Bangladesh_Independence.4.d

	option = {
		name = "Another war...."
	}
}
news_event = {
	id = INDIA_PAK_COM.1 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = INDIA_PAK_COM.1"}
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]The All India Party Conference"
	picture = GFX_INDIA_PAK_COM_1
	is_triggered_only = yes
	major = yes
	desc = INDIA_PAK_COM.1.d

	option = {
		name = "Interesting"
	}
}
news_event = {
	id = Rawalpindi.3 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Rawalpindi.3"}
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]The Rawalpindi Revolution"
	picture = GFX_Rawalpindi_3
	is_triggered_only = yes
	major = yes
	desc = Rawalpindi.3.d

	option = {
		name = "A major development"
		if = { 
			limit = {
				tag = PAK
			}
			news_event = { id = Rawalpindi.4 days = 5 } 
		}
	}
}
news_event = {
	id = Rawalpindi.4 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Rawalpindi.4"}
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]Faiz Ahmed Faiz Named Chairman of the CPP"
	picture = GFX_Rawalpindi_4
	is_triggered_only = yes
	major = yes
	desc = Rawalpindi.4.d

	option = {
		name = "An interesting choice"
	}
}
###1960s Pakistan Events
add_namespace = Bohla_Cyclone
country_event = {
	id = Bohla_Cyclone.1
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Bohla_Cyclone.0"}
	title = "The Bohla Cyclone"
	desc = Bohla_Cyclone.1.d
	picture = GFX_Bohla_Cyclone_1
	is_triggered_only = yes
	fire_only_once = yes

	option = {
		name = "At least the elections will go on..."
		hidden_effect = {
			news_event = Bohla_Cyclone.2
			#Remove 500k from Chittagong
			919 = {
				add_manpower = -500000
			}
		}
	}
}
news_event = {
	id = Bohla_Cyclone.2 
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Bohla_Cyclone.1"}
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]The Bohla Cyclone Disaster"
	picture = GFX_Bohla_Cyclone_2
	is_triggered_only = yes
	major = yes
	desc = Bohla_Cyclone.2.d

	option = {
		name = "Horrible"
	}
}

#Events from Tree PAK_CML_Bhutto
add_namespace = CML_Bhutto
news_event = {
	id = CML_Bhutto.1
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = CML_Bhutto.1"}
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]Bhutto Assumes Martial Law Powers"
	desc = CML_Bhutto.1.d
	picture = GFX_CML_Bhutto_1

	is_triggered_only = yes
	major = yes

	option = {
		name = "A man of the people"
	}
}

#PAK_Democratic_1965_Elections Tree events
add_namespace = Dem_Ayub65
add_namespace = DemRahman65

#(Should launch sometime in Fall 65 if player goes down democratic constitutional path)
country_event = {
	id = Dem_Ayub65.1
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Dem_Ayub65.1"}
	title = "1965 General and Presidential Elections"
	desc = Dem_Ayub65.1.d
	picture = GFX_Dem_Ayub65_1

	is_triggered_only = yes

	immediate = {
		hidden_effect = {
			complete_national_focus = PAK_Democratic_1965_Elections
			load_focus_tree = PAK_60s_1965_Alt_Elections
		}
	}

	option = {
		name = "Ayub Khan Sweeps the polls!"
		ai_chance = {
			base = 50
			modifier = {
				factor = 0
				has_game_rule = { rule = PAK_democratic_1965_election option = SHEIKH_MUJIB }
			}
		}
		complete_national_focus = PAK_Ayub_Khan_Centrist_Coalition
	}
	option = {
		name = "Sheikh Mujibur Rahman and his leftists win!"
		ai_chance = {
			base = 50
			modifier = {
				factor = 0
				has_game_rule = { rule = PAK_democratic_1965_election option = AYUB_KHAN }
			}
		}
		complete_national_focus = PAK_Sheikh_Mujibur_Rahman_Leftist_Victory
		set_politics = {
			ruling_party = socialist
			elections_allowed = no
		}
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = Dem_Ayub65.2
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Dem_Ayub65.2"}
	title = "PTV Begins Broadcasting"
	desc = Dem_Ayub65.2.d
	picture = GFX_Dem_Ayub65_2
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Great Progress for Pakistan"
		add_timed_idea = {
			idea = PTV_Broadcasts
			days = 1825
		}
	}
}

#Pakistan Holds Vietnam Talks with US chain (event fires if conditions are met, 
#1) Vietnam war is a thing 
#2) focus PAK_Discuss_Expanded_US_Ties happens 
#3) Ayub Khan in charge)

country_event = {
	id = Dem_Ayub65.3
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Dem_Ayub65.3"}
	title = "US Requests Pakistani Division"
	desc = Dem_Ayub65.3.d
	picture = GFX_Dem_Ayub65_3
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Prepare to send the requested forces"
		activate_mission = Send_Troops_to_Vietnam
	}
	option = {
		name = "Decline the request"
		country_event = Dem_Ayub65.4
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = Dem_Ayub65.4
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Dem_Ayub65.4"}
	title = "Pakistan Refuses Request"
	desc = Dem_Ayub65.4.d
	picture = GFX_Dem_Ayub65_4
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Damn it"
		PAK = {
			add_opinion_modifier = {
				target = USA
				modifier = large_decrease
			}
		}
		USA = {
			add_opinion_modifier = {
				target = PAK
				modifier = large_decrease
			}
		}
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = Dem_Ayub65.5
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Dem_Ayub65.5"}
	title = "Pakistan Deploys Troops to Vietnam"
	desc = Dem_Ayub65.5.d
	picture = GFX_Dem_Ayub65_5
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Great news"
		PAK = {
			add_opinion_modifier = {
				target = USA
				modifier = large_increase
			}
			country_event = Dem_Ayub65.5
		}
		USA = {
			add_opinion_modifier = {
				target = PAK
				modifier = large_increase
			}
		}
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = Dem_Ayub65.6
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Dem_Ayub65.6"}
	title = "Pakistan Dispatches Troops to Vietnam"
	desc = Dem_Ayub65.6.d
	picture = GFX_Dem_Ayub65_6
	is_triggered_only = yes

	option = {
		name = "Good luck chaps"
	}
}

country_event = {
	id = DemRahman65.1
   	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = DemRahman65.1"}	
	title = "Nationalizing Some Industries"
	desc = DemRahman65.1.d
	picture = GFX_DemRahman65_1

	is_triggered_only = yes
	option = {
		name = "For the people"
		add_ideas = Nationalized_Steel_Industry	#that greatly increases time to produce steel mill)
		random_owned_controlled_state = {
			limit = {
				is_core_of = BAN
			}
			add_extra_state_shared_building_slots = 1
			add_building_construction = {
				type = steel_factory
				level = 1
				instant_build = yes
			}
		}
		random_owned_controlled_state = {
			limit = {
				is_core_of = BAN
			}
			add_extra_state_shared_building_slots = 1
			add_building_construction = {
				type = steel_factory
				level = 1
				instant_build = yes
			}
		}
		random_owned_controlled_state = {
			limit = {
				is_core_of = BAN
			}
			add_extra_state_shared_building_slots = 1
			add_building_construction = {
				type = steel_factory
				level = 1
				instant_build = yes
			}
		}
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = DemRahman65.2
   	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = DemRahman65.2"}	
	title = "Pakistan Questions American Ties"
	desc = DemRahman65.2.d
	picture = GFX_DemRahman65_2

	is_triggered_only = yes
	option = {
		name = "A new era?"
		PAK = {
			add_opinion_modifier = {
				target = SOV
				modifier = large_increase
			}
		}
		SOV = {
			add_opinion_modifier = {
				target = PAK
				modifier = large_increase
			}
		}
		PAK = {
			add_opinion_modifier = {
				target = PRC
				modifier = large_increase
			}
		}
		PRC = {
			add_opinion_modifier = {
				target = PAK
				modifier = large_increase
			}
		}
		PAK = {
			add_opinion_modifier = {
				target = USA
				modifier = large_decrease
			}
		}
		USA = {
			add_opinion_modifier = {
				target = PAK
				modifier = large_decrease
			}
		}
	}
}

#PAK_Democratic_1970_Election (Events from this tree)
add_namespace = DemRahman1970
country_event = {
	id = DemRahman1970.0
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = DemRahman1970.0"}
	title = "1970 General and Presidential Elections"
	desc = DemRahman1970.0.d
	picture = GFX_DemRahman1970_0

	is_triggered_only = yes	#launch sometime in Fall 70 if player goes down democratic constitutional path


	option = {
		name = "Bhutto Triumphs!"
		trigger = {
			OR = {
				has_game_rule = { rule = PAK_democratic_1970_election option = BHUTTO }
				count_triggers = {
					amount = 2
					AND = {
						check_variable = { 472.PPP_Support > 472.Independent_Support }
						check_variable = { 472.PPP_Support > 472.PML_Support }
						check_variable = { 472.PPP_Support > 472.PNA_Support }
						check_variable = { 472.PPP_Support > 472.Awami_League_Support }
						check_variable = { 472.PPP_Support > 472.Tehreek_e_Istiqlal_Support }
					}
					AND = {
						check_variable = { 440.PPP_Support > 440.Independent_Support }
						check_variable = { 440.PPP_Support > 440.PML_Support }
						check_variable = { 440.PPP_Support > 440.PNA_Support }
						check_variable = { 440.PPP_Support > 440.Awami_League_Support }
						check_variable = { 440.PPP_Support > 440.Tehreek_e_Istiqlal_Support }
					}
					AND = {
						check_variable = { 443.PPP_Support > 443.Independent_Support }
						check_variable = { 443.PPP_Support > 443.PML_Support }
						check_variable = { 443.PPP_Support > 443.PNA_Support }
						check_variable = { 443.PPP_Support > 443.Awami_League_Support }
						check_variable = { 443.PPP_Support > 443.Tehreek_e_Istiqlal_Support }
					}
					AND = {
						check_variable = { 444.PPP_Support > 444.Independent_Support }
						check_variable = { 444.PPP_Support > 444.PML_Support }
						check_variable = { 444.PPP_Support > 444.PNA_Support }
						check_variable = { 444.PPP_Support > 444.Awami_League_Support }
						check_variable = { 444.PPP_Support > 444.Tehreek_e_Istiqlal_Support }
					}
					AND = {	#has to be checked twice to account for population size
						check_variable = { 430.PPP_Support > 430.Independent_Support }
						check_variable = { 430.PPP_Support > 430.PML_Support }
						check_variable = { 430.PPP_Support > 430.PNA_Support }
						check_variable = { 430.PPP_Support > 430.Awami_League_Support }
						check_variable = { 430.PPP_Support > 430.Tehreek_e_Istiqlal_Support }
					}
					AND = {
						check_variable = { 430.PPP_Support > 430.Independent_Support }
						check_variable = { 430.PPP_Support > 430.PML_Support }
						check_variable = { 430.PPP_Support > 430.PNA_Support }
						check_variable = { 430.PPP_Support > 430.Awami_League_Support }
						check_variable = { 430.PPP_Support > 430.Tehreek_e_Istiqlal_Support }
					}
				}
			}
		}
		load_focus_tree = PAK_60s_1970_Alt_Elections
		complete_national_focus = PAK_Democratic_1970_Elections
		complete_national_focus = PAK_Bhutto_Triumphs
		set_politics = {
			ruling_party = Social_Democratic
			elections_allowed = no
		}
		clr_country_flag = Enable_PPP_Campaign_Decision
		clr_country_flag = Enable_PNA_Campaign_Decision
		clr_country_flag = Enable_AL_Campaign_Decision
		clr_country_flag = PAK_1977_Campaign
		clr_country_flag = PAK_1975_Campaign
		clr_country_flag = PAK_1970_Campaign
		ai_chance = {
			base = 100
			modifier = {
				factor = 0
				OR = {
					has_game_rule = { rule = PAK_democratic_1970_election option = SHEIKH_MUJIB }
					has_game_rule = { rule = PAK_democratic_1970_election option = ZIA_COUP }
				}
			}
		}
	}
	option = {
		name = "Rahman Victorious!"
		trigger = {
			OR = {
				has_game_rule = { rule = PAK_democratic_1970_election option = SHEIKH_MUJIB }
				has_game_rule = { rule = PAK_democratic_1970_election option = ZIA_COUP }
				count_triggers = {
					amount = 2
					AND = {
						check_variable = { 472.Awami_League_Support > 472.Independent_Support }
						check_variable = { 472.Awami_League_Support > 472.PML_Support }
						check_variable = { 472.Awami_League_Support > 472.PNA_Support }
						check_variable = { 472.Awami_League_Support > 472.PPP_Support }
						check_variable = { 472.Awami_League_Support > 472.Tehreek_e_Istiqlal_Support }
					}
					AND = {
						check_variable = { 440.Awami_League_Support > 440.Independent_Support }
						check_variable = { 440.Awami_League_Support > 440.PML_Support }
						check_variable = { 440.Awami_League_Support > 440.PNA_Support }
						check_variable = { 440.Awami_League_Support > 440.PPP_Support }
						check_variable = { 440.Awami_League_Support > 440.Tehreek_e_Istiqlal_Support }
					}
					AND = {
						check_variable = { 443.Awami_League_Support > 443.Independent_Support }
						check_variable = { 443.Awami_League_Support > 443.PML_Support }
						check_variable = { 443.Awami_League_Support > 443.PNA_Support }
						check_variable = { 443.Awami_League_Support > 443.PPP_Support }
						check_variable = { 443.Awami_League_Support > 443.Tehreek_e_Istiqlal_Support }
					}
					AND = {
						check_variable = { 444.Awami_League_Support > 444.Independent_Support }
						check_variable = { 444.Awami_League_Support > 444.PML_Support }
						check_variable = { 444.Awami_League_Support > 444.PNA_Support }
						check_variable = { 444.Awami_League_Support > 444.PPP_Support }
						check_variable = { 444.Awami_League_Support > 444.Tehreek_e_Istiqlal_Support }
					}
					AND = {	#has to be checked twice to account for population size
						check_variable = { 430.Awami_League_Support > 430.Independent_Support }
						check_variable = { 430.Awami_League_Support > 430.PML_Support }
						check_variable = { 430.Awami_League_Support > 430.PNA_Support }
						check_variable = { 430.Awami_League_Support > 430.PPP_Support }
						check_variable = { 430.Awami_League_Support > 430.Tehreek_e_Istiqlal_Support }
					}
					AND = {
						check_variable = { 430.Awami_League_Support > 430.Independent_Support }
						check_variable = { 430.Awami_League_Support > 430.PML_Support }
						check_variable = { 430.Awami_League_Support > 430.PNA_Support }
						check_variable = { 430.Awami_League_Support > 430.PPP_Support }
						check_variable = { 430.Awami_League_Support > 430.Tehreek_e_Istiqlal_Support }
					}
				}
			}
		}
		load_focus_tree = PAK_60s_1970_Alt_Elections
		complete_national_focus = PAK_Democratic_1970_Elections
		complete_national_focus = PAK_Sheikh_Mujibur_Rahman_Victorious
		hidden_effect = {
			if = {
				limit = {
					NOT = { has_game_rule = { rule = PAK_democratic_1970_election option = SHEIKH_MUJIB } }
					OR = {
						has_game_rule = { rule = PAK_democratic_1970_election option = ZIA_COUP }
						count_triggers = {
							amount = 2
							AND = {
								check_variable = { 472.Awami_League_Support > 472.Independent_Support }
								check_variable = { 472.Awami_League_Support > 472.PML_Support }
								check_variable = { 472.Awami_League_Support > 472.PNA_Support }
								check_variable = { 472.Awami_League_Support > 472.PPP_Support }
								check_variable = { 472.Awami_League_Support > 472.Tehreek_e_Istiqlal_Support }
							}
							AND = {
								check_variable = { 442.Awami_League_Support > 442.Independent_Support }
								check_variable = { 442.Awami_League_Support > 442.PML_Support }
								check_variable = { 442.Awami_League_Support > 442.PNA_Support }
								check_variable = { 442.Awami_League_Support > 442.PPP_Support }
								check_variable = { 442.Awami_League_Support > 442.Tehreek_e_Istiqlal_Support }
							}
							AND = {
								check_variable = { 440.Awami_League_Support > 440.Independent_Support }
								check_variable = { 440.Awami_League_Support > 440.PML_Support }
								check_variable = { 440.Awami_League_Support > 440.PNA_Support }
								check_variable = { 440.Awami_League_Support > 440.PPP_Support }
								check_variable = { 440.Awami_League_Support > 440.Tehreek_e_Istiqlal_Support }
							}
							AND = {
								check_variable = { 443.Awami_League_Support > 443.Independent_Support }
								check_variable = { 443.Awami_League_Support > 443.PML_Support }
								check_variable = { 443.Awami_League_Support > 443.PNA_Support }
								check_variable = { 443.Awami_League_Support > 443.PPP_Support }
								check_variable = { 443.Awami_League_Support > 443.Tehreek_e_Istiqlal_Support }
							}
							AND = {
								check_variable = { 444.Awami_League_Support > 444.Independent_Support }
								check_variable = { 444.Awami_League_Support > 444.PML_Support }
								check_variable = { 444.Awami_League_Support > 444.PNA_Support }
								check_variable = { 444.Awami_League_Support > 444.PPP_Support }
								check_variable = { 444.Awami_League_Support > 444.Tehreek_e_Istiqlal_Support }
							}
						}
					}
				}
				news_event = {
					id = Rahman_Victorious.1
					days = 30
				}
			}
			else = {
				news_event = {
					id = Pakistan_Alt_1973_Coup.1
					days = 30
				}
				set_country_flag = Zia_Alt_Coup
			}
			clr_country_flag = Enable_PPP_Campaign_Decision
			clr_country_flag = Enable_PNA_Campaign_Decision
			clr_country_flag = Enable_AL_Campaign_Decision
			clr_country_flag = PAK_1977_Campaign
			clr_country_flag = PAK_1975_Campaign
			clr_country_flag = PAK_1970_Campaign
		}
		set_politics = {
			ruling_party = socialist
			elections_allowed = no
		}
		ai_chance = {
			base = 100
			modifier = {
				factor = 0
				has_game_rule = { rule = PAK_democratic_1970_election option = BHUTTO }
			}
		}
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = DemRahman1970.1
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = DemRahman1970.1"}
	title = "Six Points Proposal at National Assembly"
	desc = DemRahman1970.1.d
	picture = GFX_DemRahman1970_1

	is_triggered_only = yes	#launch sometime in Fall 70 if player goes down democratic constitutional path

	option = {
		name = "A Dangerous situation"

	}
}
country_event = {
	id = DemRahman1970.2
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = DemRahman1970.2"}
	title = "Political Unrest"
	desc = DemRahman1970.2.d
	picture = GFX_DemRahman1970_2

	is_triggered_only = yes	#launch sometime in Fall 70 if player goes down democratic constitutional path

	option = {
		name = "Turmoil"
		add_ideas = Political_Unrest
		country_event = {
			id = DemRahman1970.3
			days = 10
		}
	}
}
#"Political Unrest" big stability drop, production/efficiency drops, event West Pakistani Politicians Leave Dacca fires 10 days later)
country_event = {
	id = DemRahman1970.3
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = DemRahman1970.3"}
	title = "West Pakistani Politicians Leave Dacca"
	desc = DemRahman1970.3.d
	picture = GFX_DemRahman1970_3

	is_triggered_only = yes	#launch sometime in Fall 70 if player goes down democratic constitutional path

	option = {
		name = "Oh no"
		swap_ideas = {
			remove_idea = Political_Unrest
			add_idea = Political_Unrest2
		}
		country_event = {
			id = DemRahman1970.4
			days = 5
		}
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = DemRahman1970.4
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = DemRahman1970.4"}
	title = "Conflicts within the Armed Forces"
	desc = DemRahman1970.4.d
	picture = GFX_DemRahman1970_4

	is_triggered_only = yes	#launch sometime in Fall 70 if player goes down democratic constitutional path

	option = {
		name = "Situation report"
		country_event = {
			id = DemRahman1970.5
			days = 30
		}
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = DemRahman1970.5
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = DemRahman1970.5"}
	title = "Division of Assets Agreed"
	desc = DemRahman1970.5.d
	picture = GFX_DemRahman1970_5

	is_triggered_only = yes	

	option = {
		name = "A peaceful transition"
		news_event = {
			id = DemRahman1970.6
			days = 60
		}
	}
}
news_event = {
	id = DemRahman1970.6
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = DemRahman1970.6"}
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]Bangladesh Achieves Independence"
	desc = DemRahman1970.6.d
	picture = GFX_DemRahman1970_6

	is_triggered_only = yes
	major = yes
	immediate = {
		hidden_effect = {
			if = {
				limit = {
					tag = PAK
				}
				release = BAN
				BAN = {
					set_politics = {
						ruling_party = socialist
						elections_allowed = no
					}
					load_focus_tree = BAN_70s_First_General_Election
				}
				set_politics = {
					ruling_party = Social_Democratic
					elections_allowed = no
				}
				load_focus_tree = PAK_CML_Bhutto_60s
				country_event = {
					id = DemRahman1970.7
					days = 30
				}
			}
		}
	}
	option = {
		name = "A major loss for Pakistan"
		if = {
			limit = {
				tag = PAK
			}
		}
	}
}

country_event = {
	id = DemRahman1970.7
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = DemRahman1970.7"}
	title = "Military Must Rebuild"
	desc = DemRahman1970.7.d
	picture = GFX_DemRahman1970_7

	is_triggered_only = yes	

	option = {
		name = "We will recover"
		add_timed_idea = {
			idea = Military_Rebuilding
			days = 1825
		}
	}
}
#(spirit "Military Rebuild" for 5 years, manpower severely reduced, maybe by up to 50 percent, if possible, remove a third of all equipment for the Pakistan military, organizational drop)

country_event = {
	id = DemRahman1970.8
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = DemRahman1970.8"}
	title = "Six Points Proposal Amended"
	desc = DemRahman1970.8.d
	picture = GFX_DemRahman1970_8

	is_triggered_only = yes	

	option = {
		name = "The bill is amended"
		country_event = {
			id = DemRahman1970.9
			days = 30
		}
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = DemRahman1970.9
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = DemRahman1970.9"}
	title = "Plans for East Pakistan Announced"
	desc = DemRahman1970.9.d
	picture = GFX_DemRahman1970_9

	is_triggered_only = yes	

	option = {
		name = "Plan unveiled"
		country_event = {
			id = DemRahman1970.10
			days = 60
		}
		add_ideas = Preparing_for_East_Pakistan #"Preparing for East Pakistan" negative impact on all construction, production/efficiency
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = DemRahman1970.10
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = DemRahman1970.10"}
	title = "Repatriation of Pakistanis"
	desc = DemRahman1970.10.d
	picture = GFX_DemRahman1970_10

	is_triggered_only = yes	

	option = {
		name = "Keep the flights going"
		country_event = {
			id = DemRahman1970.11
			days = 60
		}
		swap_ideas = {
			remove_idea = Preparing_for_East_Pakistan
			add_idea = Preparing_for_East_Pakistan2
		}
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = DemRahman1970.11
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = DemRahman1970.11"}
	title = "Division of National Assets"
	desc = DemRahman1970.11.d
	picture = GFX_DemRahman1970_11

	is_triggered_only = yes	

	option = {
		name = "An agreement was reached"
		news_event = {
			id = DemRahman1970.12
			days = 60
		}
		swap_ideas = {
			remove_idea = Preparing_for_East_Pakistan2
			add_idea = Preparing_for_East_Pakistan3
		}
		random_owned_controlled_state = {
			limit = {
				NOT = {
					is_core_of = BAN
				}
				office_park > 0
			}
			add_building_construction = {
				type = office_park
				level = -1
				instant_build = yes
			}
		}
		random_owned_controlled_state = {
			limit = {
				NOT = {
					is_core_of = BAN
				}
				office_park > 0
			}
			add_building_construction = {
				type = office_park
				level = -1
				instant_build = yes
			}
		}
		random_owned_controlled_state = {
			limit = {
				is_core_of = BAN
			}
			add_extra_state_shared_building_slots = 1
			add_building_construction = {
				type = office_park
				level = 1
				instant_build = yes
			}
		}
		random_owned_controlled_state = {
			limit = {
				is_core_of = BAN
			}
			add_extra_state_shared_building_slots = 1
			add_building_construction = {
				type = office_park
				level = 1
				instant_build = yes
			}
		}
	}
}

news_event = {
	id = DemRahman1970.12
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = DemRahman1970.12"}
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]East Pakistan Formed"
	desc = DemRahman1970.12.d
	picture = GFX_DemRahman1970_12

	is_triggered_only = yes
	major = yes
	immediate = {
		hidden_effect = {
			if = {
				limit = {
					tag = PAK
				}
				release_puppet = BAN
				BAN = {
					set_politics = {
						ruling_party = socialist
						elections_allowed = no
					}
					set_cosmetic_tag = BAN_EAST_PAKISTAN_FEDERATION
					load_focus_tree = BAN_East_Pakistan_Cofederation
				}
				set_politics = {
					ruling_party = Social_Democratic
					elections_allowed = no
				}
				load_focus_tree = PAK_CML_Bhutto_60s
				country_event = {
					id = DemRahman1970.13
					days = 30
				}
			}
		}
	}
	option = {
		name = "A new era"
		if = {
			limit = {
				tag = PAK
			}
		}
		remove_ideas = Preparing_for_East_Pakistan3
	}
}

country_event = {
	id = DemRahman1970.13
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = DemRahman1970.13"}
	title = "Hand East Pakistan Military Assets"
	desc = DemRahman1970.13.d
	picture = GFX_DemRahman1970_13

	is_triggered_only = yes	

	option = {
		name = "We will restore our strength"
		add_timed_idea = {
			idea = Military_Rebuilding
			days = 1825
		}
	}
}
#(spirit "Military Rebuild" for 5 years, manpower severely reduced, maybe by up to 50 percent, if possible, remove a third of all equipment for the Pakistan military, organizational drop)

country_event = {
	id = DemRahman1970.14
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = DemRahman1970.14"}
	title = "Nationalization of Essential Industries Act"
	desc = DemRahman1970.14.d
	picture = GFX_DemRahman1970_14

	is_triggered_only = yes	

	option = {
		name = "Socialism marches on"
		add_ideas = Energy_Sector_Nationalized #Electric and Gas Nationalized" makes those buildings more expensive to build)
		#5 power plants, 3 oil resource buildings and 1 oil reserve gained
		random_owned_controlled_state = {
			limit = {
				is_core_of = BAN
			}
			add_extra_state_shared_building_slots = 1
			add_building_construction = {
				type = synthetic_refinery
				level = 1
				instant_build = yes
			}	
		}
		random_owned_controlled_state = {
			limit = {
				is_core_of = BAN
			}
			add_extra_state_shared_building_slots = 1
			add_building_construction = {
				type = synthetic_refinery
				level = 1
				instant_build = yes
			}	
		}	
		random_owned_controlled_state = {
			limit = {
				is_core_of = BAL
			}
			add_extra_state_shared_building_slots = 1
			add_building_construction = {
				type = synthetic_refinery
				level = 1
				instant_build = yes
			}	
		}
		random_owned_controlled_state = {
			limit = {
				is_core_of = BAN
			}
			add_extra_state_shared_building_slots = 2
			add_building_construction = {
				type = fossil_fuel_powerplant
				level = 2
				instant_build = yes
			}	
		}
		random_owned_controlled_state = {
			limit = {
				is_core_of = BAL
			}
			add_extra_state_shared_building_slots = 2
			add_building_construction = {
				type = fossil_fuel_powerplant
				level = 2
				instant_build = yes
			}	
		}
		random_owned_controlled_state = {
			limit = {
				is_core_of = BAN
			}
			add_extra_state_shared_building_slots = 2
			add_building_construction = {
				type = fossil_fuel_powerplant
				level = 1
				instant_build = yes
			}	
			add_building_construction = {
				type = fuel_silo
				level = 1
				instant_build = yes
			}	
			
		}
	}
}

#PAK_West_Pakistan
add_namespace = PAK_Frontier
add_namespace = PAK_Restore_Provinces
add_namespace = One_Unit_60s
country_event = {
	id = One_Unit_60s.1
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = One_Unit_60s.1"}
	title = "The Question of One Unit"
	desc = One_Unit_60s.1.d
	picture = GFX_One_Unit_60s_1

	is_triggered_only = yes	

	option = {
		name = "Keep one unit"
		if = {
			limit = {
				has_country_flag = Democratic_Pakistan_1960s
			}
			complete_national_focus = PAK_Reaffirm_One_Unit_Alt
		}
		else = {
			complete_national_focus = PAK_Keep_One_Unit
		}
	}
	option = {
		name = "Restore the Provinces"
		if = {
			limit = {
				has_country_flag = Democratic_Pakistan_1960s
			}
			complete_national_focus = PAK_End_One_Unit_Alt
		}
		else = {
			complete_national_focus = PAK_Restore_Provinces
		}
	}
}
#PAK_Keep_One_Unit
country_event = {
	id = PAK_Frontier.1
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = PAK_Frontier.1"}
	title = "Frontier Tensions"
	desc = PAK_Frontier.1.d
	picture = GFX_PAK_Frontier_1

	is_triggered_only = yes	

	option = {
		name = "Continue Arrests"
		add_timed_idea = {
			idea = NAP_Crackdown	#increase stability, very slight increase in manpower growth, slight decrease in factory construction, slightly reduces impact of spirit "Provincial Tension")
			days = 1460
		}
		Increase_Provincial_Tensions = yes
	}
	option = {
		name = "Release NAP Prisoners"
		add_timed_idea = {
			idea = NAP_Active	#ase stability, decrease in factory construction, very slight increase in manpower growth, reduces impact of spirit "Provincial Tension"
			days = 730
		}
		Reduce_Provincial_Tensions = yes
	}
}

#PAK_Restore_Provinces
country_event = {
	id = PAK_Restore_Provinces.1
   	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = PAK_Restore_Provinces.1"}	
	title = "Provincial Assembly Elections"
	desc = PAK_Restore_Provinces.1.d
	picture = GFX_PAK_Restore_Provinces_1

	is_triggered_only = yes
	option = {  
		name = "Increase Development Funds"
		add_timed_idea = {
			idea = Provinces_Receive_Extra_Development_Funds	#maybe the effect of this could be either the temporary loss of some civil factories or a reduction in production/efficiency but a slight boost in stability)
			days = 548
		}
	}
	option = {  
		name = "The situation will correct itself in time"
		add_timed_idea = {
			idea = Hostile_Provincial_Governments	#for three years stability drop and the same effect of this could be either the temporary loss of some civil factories or a reduction in production/efficiency
			days = 1095
		}
	}
}

#PAK_East_Pakistan
add_namespace = Ayub_East_Pakistan
country_event = {
	id = Ayub_East_Pakistan.1
   	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Ayub_East_Pakistan.1"}	
	title = "East Pakistan Situation"
	desc = Ayub_East_Pakistan.1.d
	picture = GFX_Ayub_East_Pakistan_1

	is_triggered_only = yes
	option = {  
		name = "Affirm Power of Center"
		set_country_flag = Affirm_Power_Of_Center
		add_popularity = {
			ideology = conservative
			popularity = 0.05
		}
		add_stability = 0.05
	}
	option = {  
		name = "Building National Unity"
		set_country_flag = Building_Unity
		add_popularity = {
			ideology = conservative
			popularity = -0.05
		}
		add_stability = -0.05
	}
}

add_namespace = Dem_Ayub
country_event = {
	id = Dem_Ayub.1
   	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Dem_Ayub.1"}	
	title = "Questioned on Language Issue"
	desc = Dem_Ayub.1.d
	picture = GFX_Dem_Ayub_1

	is_triggered_only = yes
	option = {  
		name = "Articulate the importance of Urdu"
		add_timed_idea = {
			idea = Praising_Urdu  #increase stability, big increase in popularity for Awami League, slight increase of impact of spirit "Provincial Tensions"")
			days = 750
		}
		add_popularity = {
			ideology = socialist
			popularity = 0.15
		}
		Increase_Provincial_Tensions = yes
	}
	option = {  
		name = "Speak in support of efforts to strengthen local languages"
		add_timed_idea = {
			idea = Support_Local_Languages  #increase stability, decreased support for ruling party, reduces impact of spirit "Provincial Tensions")
			days = 750
		}
		add_popularity = {
			ideology = conservative
			popularity = -0.03
		}
		Reduce_Provincial_Tensions = yes
	}
	option = {  
		name = "Ignore the topic"
		add_timed_idea = {
			idea = Language_Debates  #increase popularity for Awami League)
			days = 1825
		}
		add_popularity = {
			ideology = socialist
			popularity = 0.075
		}
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = Dem_Ayub.2
   	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Dem_Ayub.2"}	
	title = "Proposal for Federal Quotas"
	desc = Dem_Ayub.2.d
	picture = GFX_Dem_Ayub_2

	is_triggered_only = yes
	option = {  
		name = "Federal Quotas Act Passes"
		add_timed_idea = {
			idea = Transition_to_Quotas	#Transition to Quotas" big boost to Awami League, boost for ruling party, drop in stability, factory/infra construction reduced, production efficiency dropped, military morale/organization dropped as institutions adapt to the transition, greatly reduces impact of spirit "Provincial Tension")
			days = 1825
		}
		add_popularity = {
			ideology = conservative
			popularity = 0.10
		}
		add_popularity = {
			ideology = socialist
			popularity = 0.10
		}
		Reduce_Provincial_Tensions = yes
		Reduce_Provincial_Tensions = yes
	}
	option = {
		name = "Federal Quotas Act Fails to Pass"
		add_timed_idea = {
			idea = Anger_Over_Quota_Vote	#boost to Awami League, decrease popularity to ruling party, factory/infra construction reduced, production efficiency reduced) 
			days = 3650
		}
		add_popularity = {
			ideology = socialist
			popularity = 0.05
		}
		add_popularity = {
			ideology = conservative
			popularity = -0.05
		}
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = Dem_Ayub.3
   	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Dem_Ayub.3"}	
	title = "Determine Relationship with Civil Service"
	desc = Dem_Ayub.3.d
	picture = GFX_Dem_Ayub_3

	is_triggered_only = yes
	option = { 
		name = "Confirm Civil Service Powers" 
		set_country_flag = Confirm_Civil_Service_Powers
	}
	option = { 
		name = "Increase Parliamentary Oversight" 
		set_country_flag = Increase_Parliamentary_Oversight
	}
}

#Tashkent Declaration Tree
add_namespace = Tashkent_Bhutto
country_event = {
	id = Tashkent_Bhutto.1
   	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Tashkent_Bhutto.1"}	
	title = "Bhutto Rallies the PPP!"
	desc = Tashkent_Bhutto.1.d
	picture = GFX_Tashkent_Bhutto_1

	is_triggered_only = yes
	option = {  
		name = "A new political world"
		add_popularity = {
			ideology = Social_Democratic
			popularity = 0.30
		}
		set_party_name = { 
			ideology = Social_Democratic 
			long_name = PAK_Social_Democratic_PPP_long
			name = PAK_Social_Democratic_PPP 
		}
		create_country_leader = {
			name = "Zulfikar Ali Bhutto"
			picture = "Zulfikar_Ali_Bhutto.dds"
			ideology = social_democrat
		}
	}
}

#Treaty of Delhi Tree
add_namespace = Delhi_Unrest

country_event = {
	id = Delhi_Unrest.1
   	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Delhi_Unrest.1"}	
	title = "Military Uproar"
	desc = Delhi_Unrest.1.d
	picture = GFX_Delhi_Unrest_1

	is_triggered_only = yes
	option = {  
		name = "Chaos in the Ranks"
		add_timed_idea = {
			idea = Military_Unrest  #decrease in production/efficiency, drop in morale/organization)
			days = 1825
		}
	}
}

#PAK_New_Martial Law Tree events
add_namespace = Yahya_Khan

news_event = {
	id = Yahya_Khan.1
	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Yahya_Khan.1"}
	title = "[GetNewspaperHeader]General Yahya Khan Takes Power"	#occurs 6 months after player has completed focuses PAK_Adjust_Interest_Rate and completed either the event "Ayub Khan Withdraws the Case" or "Ayub Khan Adjusts Autonomy Offer" or "Ayub Khan Ends the Talks")
	desc = Yahya_Khan.1.d
	picture = GFX_Yahya_Khan_1

	is_triggered_only = yes
	major = yes
	
	option = {
		name = "A new era?"
		if = {
			limit = {
				tag = PAK
			}
			load_focus_tree = PAK_Yahya_Khan_60s
			complete_national_focus = PAK_New_Martial_Law
			#Yahya as CMLA" stability boost, slight morale/organization boost to Army)
			add_timed_idea = {
				idea = Yahya_as_CMLA
				days = 365
			}
		}
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = Yahya_Khan.2
   	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Yahya_Khan.2"}	
	title = "National Security Council Convenes"
	desc = Yahya_Khan.2.d
	picture = GFX_Yahya_Khan_2

	is_triggered_only = yes
	option = {  
		name = "NSC Assembles"
		add_timed_idea = {
			idea = Law_and_Order_Returns  #slight decrease in construction time for infra, boost in stability)
			days = 365
		}
	}
}
country_event = {
	id = Yahya_Khan.3
   	immediate = {log = "[GetDateText]: [Root.GetTag]: id = Yahya_Khan.3"}	
	title = "Promulgate the LFO"
	desc = Yahya_Khan.3.d
	picture = GFX_Yahya_Khan_3

	is_triggered_only = yes
	option = {  
		name = "LFO In Place"
		add_timed_idea = {
			idea = LFO_Transition  #increase in construction time for infra/civ/office parks, this marks the transition in bureaucracy, if there are any spirits related to one unit in place, those would be removed, also spirit "Election Optimism" giving a stability boost as people are looking forward to the elections) 
			days = 1095
		}
		remove_ideas = One_Unit_Remains
		remove_ideas = Dismantling_One_Unit
		remove_ideas = One_Unit
	}
}


